"Vault"
{
	"CopRules"
	{
		"1"		"Cops DO NOT let rebels into the police department."
		"2"		"Cops DO NOT leave rebels in jail for longer than the server has given to him."
		"3"		"Cops DO NOT switch teams without permission."
		"4"		"Cops DO NOT leave people in jail before the disconnect."
		"5"		"Cops DO NOT break into other peoples houses (even to take crime)."
		"6"		"Cops DO NOT participate in bounty exploits."
		"7"		"Cops DO NOT deathmatch or kill other cops."
		"8"		"Cops DO NOT jail anyone for robing vendors."
		"9"		"Cops DO NOT kill people just because they have crime and run away."
		"10"		"Cops will only shoot criminals if they can't be cuffed."
		"11"		""
		"12"		"Police Responsibilities:"
		"13"		"Eliminate crime by cuffing and uncuffing of vendor robbers, and jailing deathmatchers."
		"14"		"For more information take a look at the Crime-List."
		"15"		"People who are only robbing will only cuffed and uncuffed."
		"16"		"Report cop or admin abuse to Dennis or root admin."
		"17"		"People who are only robbing will only cuffed and uncuffed."
		"18"		"Cops don't join any gang even when you change the team."
		"19"		"null"
	}
	"PlayerRules"
	{
		"1"		" NO asking for cop or admin, ever. You can increase your chances for being selected as cop or admin by staying active on the server, and keeping a good reputation."
		"2"		"NO killing AFK (away from keyboard) people. Don't kill people in their apartments which are AFKing to earn money"
		"3"		"Generally they have AFK in their name, but that doesn't constitute for not being killed on the streets. AFK on the streets at your own risk."
		"4"		"NO suiciding out of jail or combat. Never suicide to get out of jail, to avoid getting cuffed, to avoid getting banned!"
		"5"		"or to avoid combat with another player. If you are cuffed in jail you must follow the system of being let out at the consent of a cop!"
		"6"		"If you believe you are being abused by a cop please contact an admin for help. (admin list is on home page)"
		"7"		"NO random d'ming (deathmatching). Do not randomly and repeatedly kill players without reason"
		"8"		"unless in an orgonized event such as cops vs. rebels war. Complaints to admins about random DMing"
		"9"		"DMing will be investigated and punishment will be given if needed."
		"10"		"NO racism or sexism. Please be respectful to all players, do not trash talk others."
		"11"		"NO mic spamming. Take turns talking."
		"12"		"NO disrespecting cops or admins. Never at any time should you disrespect a cop or admin, they keep the server running smoothly."
		"13"		"NO racist or fully nude sprays. Please use discretion when selecting your spray. Our server has a large range of ages and cultures"
		"14"		"so choose something that won't offend anyone and is appropriate for everyone."
		"15"		"NO advertising. Never at anytime advertise other servers or clans."
		"16"		"If you are still under 500 crime you can pay a ransom of $75 for yourself. Then you just get cuffed and uncuffed. For more prices at higher crime take a look on the Crime-List."
		"17"		"NO hacks or explotations. Examples include impulsing, speed hacking, wall hacking, bounty exploiting, and cop pushing."
		"18"		"Disrespect towards anyone is taken very seriously and you will be banned."
		"18"		"NO hacks or explotations. Examples include impulsing, speed hacking, wall hacking, bounty exploiting, and cop pushing."
	}
}
